Create QUESTIONS.md (#5)
alem-platform/backend: 1337b04rd/QUESTIONS.md

## General Requirements
### Does the code comply with gofumpt formatting rules?
- [ ] Yes
- [ ] No

### Does the program compile successfully with the specified build command?
- [ ] Yes
- [ ] No

### Does the program handle errors without unexpected exits or panics?
- [ ] Yes
- [ ] No

> ### Does the project use only allowed external packages (github.com/mattn/go-sqlite3)?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Does the project use only allowed external packages (to work with the database)?
```

This project will use PostgreSQL.

- [ ] Yes
- [ ] No

### Does the test coverage meet the minimum 20% requirement?
- [ ] Yes
- [ ] No

## Hexagonal Architecture
### Is the domain layer properly isolated from external dependencies?
- [ ] Yes
- [ ] No

### Are the infrastructure adapters (database, S3, external API) properly implemented?
- [ ] Yes
- [ ] No

### Is the user interface layer correctly separated from business logic?
- [ ] Yes
- [ ] No

## Session Management
### Does the application properly handle user sessions using cookies?
- [ ] Yes
- [ ] No

### Do sessions expire after one week as specified?
- [ ] Yes
- [ ] No

### Is user data (avatars, names) correctly associated with sessions?
- [ ] Yes
- [ ] No

## Post Management
### Does the system correctly create and store posts with all required fields?
- [ ] Yes
- [ ] No

### Are posts without comments deleted after 10 minutes?
- [ ] Yes
- [ ] No

### Are posts with comments deleted 15 minutes after the last comment?
- [ ] Yes
- [ ] No

## Data Storage

> ### Does the application correctly store data in SQLite?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Does the application correctly store data in PostgreSQL?
```
